Initial documentation for `thread_id` context variable (#3729)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/thread_id.md

---
title: "About thread_id"
sidebar_label: "thread_id"
id: "thread_id"
description: "The `thread_id` outputs an identifier for the current Python thread."
---

> The `thread_id` outputs an identifier for the current Python thread that is executing a node. E.g. `Thread-1`. This value is useful when auditing or analyzing dbt invocation metadata. It corresponds to the `thread_id` within the [`Result` object](/reference/dbt-classes#result-objects) and [`run_results.json`](/reference/artifacts/run-results-json).

Reviewer: remove e.g. per style guide and adding line for readability

```suggestion
The `thread_id` outputs an identifier for the current Python thread that is executing a node, like `Thread-1`. 

This value is useful when auditing or analyzing dbt invocation metadata. It corresponds to the `thread_id` within the [`Result` object](/reference/dbt-classes#result-objects) and [`run_results.json`](/reference/artifacts/run-results-json).
```
